[firebase_performance] Fix bug that prevented plugin to work with hot restart (#1763)
flutter/plugins: packages/firebase_performance/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.3.0+2

> * Fix bug preventing this plugin to work with hot restart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix bug preventing this plugin from working with hot restart.
```
